WRN-3473: FixedPopupPanels, PopupTabLayout: Prevent left key navigation when popup opened inside (#1036)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/FixedPopupPanels` and `sandstone/PopupTabLayout` to not move to the previous panel by left key on popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/FixedPopupPanels` and `sandstone/PopupTabLayout` to not go back to the previous panel by left key on popup opened inside
```
